[SEC-33438] Add Linear to security ticketing integrations public documentation (#37796)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/ticketing_integrations.md

- Only ServiceNow incident URLs are supported. Problem and change request URLs are not accepted.
{{% /collapse-content %}}

{{% collapse-content title="Linear issue" level="h4" expanded=false %}}

> 1. Open the **Linear Issue** modal. You can use a new or existing issue. Let's look at creating a new Linear issue.

Reviewer: Optional suggestion for minor style fix. I know this follows an existing template, but it's cleaner to remove this from all sections.

```suggestion
1. Open the **Linear Issue** modal. You can use a new or existing issue.
```

Author: done in 2fd5ffe7751d5b0786763d1035fdb11cbd05cf31

[1]: /incident_response/case_management/
{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "Linear" %}}

Existing bidirectional Linear issues are listed in the finding's **Ticketing** or **Next Steps** sections.

{{< img src="security/bidir-linear-existing.png" alt="Finding with an existing Linear issue in the Next Steps section." responsive="true" style="width:100%;">}}

Hover over the Linear issue to see its details, including status, assignee, and a timeline of changes synced between Linear and Datadog.

> {{< img src="security/bidir-linear-existing-hover.png" alt="Mouseover state showing Linear issue details." responsive="true" style="width:100%;">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="security/bidir-linear-existing-hover.png" alt="Tooltip over a Linear issue pill showing issue status, assignee, and a timeline of changes synced between Linear and Datadog." responsive="true" style="width:100%;">}}
```

Author: done in 2fd5ffe7751d5b0786763d1035fdb11cbd05cf31
